# A convenient solution to have php in an alpine docker


https://github.com/codecasts/php-alpine


### Default extensions bundled with php module

Core
ctype
curl
date
dom
fileinfo
filter
ftp
hash
iconv
json
libxml
mbstring
mysqlnd
openssl
pcre
PDO
pdo_sqlite
Phar
posix
readline
Reflection
session
SimpleXML
sodium
SPL
sqlite3
standard
tokenizer
xml
xmlreader
xmlwriter
zlib


### Packages available in the codecast repository


This is the complete available packages list:

Package Name 	Type
php 	PHP Core
php-common 	PHP Core
php-fpm 	PHP Core
php-cgi 	PHP Core
php-apache2 	PHP Core
php-doc 	PHP Core
php-dev 	PHP Core
- 	
php-sodium 	Core Extension
php-bcmath 	Core Extension
php-bz2 	Core Extension
php-calendar 	Core Extension
php-ctype 	Core Extension
php-curl 	Core Extension
php-dba 	Core Extension
php-dom 	Core Extension
php-embed 	Core Extension
php-enchant 	Core Extension
php-exif 	Core Extension
php-ftp 	Core Extension
php-gd 	Core Extension
php-gettext 	Core Extension
php-gmp 	Core Extension
php-iconv 	Core Extension
php-imap 	Core Extension
php-intl 	Core Extension
php-json 	Core Extension
php-ldap 	Core Extension
php-litespeed 	Core Extension
php-mbstring 	Core Extension
php-mcrypt 	Core Extension
php-mysqli 	Core Extension
php-mysqlnd 	Core Extension
php-odbc 	Core Extension
php-opcache 	Core Extension
php-openssl 	Core Extension
php-pcntl 	Core Extension
php-pdo 	Core Extension
php-pdo_dblib 	Core Extension
php-pdo_mysql 	Core Extension
php-pdo_pgsql 	Core Extension
php-pdo_sqlite 	Core Extension
php-pear 	Core Extension
php-pgsql 	Core Extension
php-phar 	Core Extension
php-phpdbg 	Core Extension
php-posix 	Core Extension
php-pspell 	Core Extension
php-session 	Core Extension
php-shmop 	Core Extension
php-snmp 	Core Extension
php-soap 	Core Extension
php-sockets 	Core Extension
php-sqlite3 	Core Extension
php-sysvmsg 	Core Extension
php-sysvsem 	Core Extension
php-tidy 	Core Extension
php-wddx 	Core Extension
php-xml 	Core Extension
php-xmlreader 	Core Extension
php-xmlrpc 	Core Extension
php-xsl 	Core Extension
php-zip 	Core Extension
php-zlib 	Core Extension
- 	
php-amqp 	Extra Extension
php-apcu 	Extra Extension
php-ast 	Extra Extension
php-ds 	Extra Extension
php-imagick 	Extra Extension
php-mailparse 	Extra Extension
php-memcached 	Extra Extension
php-mongodb 	Extra Extension
php-msgpack 	Extra Extension
php-pcov 	Extra Extension
php-phalcon 	Extra Extension
php-psr 	Extra Extension
php-redis 	Extra Extension
php-ssh2 	Extra Extension
php-swoole 	Extra Extension
php-timecop 	Extra Extension
php-libsodium 	Extra Extension
php-scalar_objects 	Extra Extension
php-secp256k1 	Extra Extension
php-xdebug 	Extra Extension
- 	
argon2 	Extra Package
argon2-dev 	Extra Package
enchant 	Extra Package
enchant-doc 	Extra Package
enchant-dev 	Extra Package
libargon2 	Extra Package
libsecp256k1 	Extra Package
